Sukhasana 
Benefits of Sukhasana or Easy Pose:

It helps to reduce anxiety, stress and mental tiredness, It corrects the body posture and stretches the chest and spine.

Tadasana 
Benefits of Tadasana:

Helpful in strengthening the leg muscles.
Helps in increasing the height of the children.
Helpful in removing leg pain.
It corrects bad posture and improves the alignment of your body.

Adho Mukha Svanasana--
Benefits of Adho Mukha Svanasana:

It calms the brain, Reduces stiffness in the shoulder region and tones the legs.

Dhanur Asana--

Benefits of Dhanur Asana:

It makes the spine flexible and reduces its stiffness, Reduces obesity, It can cure stomach pains, Strengthens the muscles of the arms, legs and stomach, It increases the lung power and breathing process.

Trikon Asana--
Benefits of Trikon Asana:

Improves flexibility of the spine and relieves back pain and stiffness in the neck area, Massages and tones the pelvic region, relieves gastritis, indigestion and acidity, Helps you to improve your posture too.

Vakrasana 
Benefits of Vakrasana:

Tones the muscles of the back and thus brings stability to the spine
Straightens the upper back
Strengthens the neck muscles
Helps in reducing belly fat
Improves digestion by regulating digestive juices.

Bhujangasana --
Benefits of Bhujangasana:

It makes the spine flexible and broadens the chest, Makes the neck, shoulders, chest and head more active, Increase blood circulation, Gives power and flexibility to the body, It reduces obesity, Helpful in strengthening the digestive system and increasing the lung power

Halasana --
Benefits of Halasana:

Helpful in strengthening the neck muscles, Helpful in reducing weight and back pain, Strengthens the backbone Improves blood circulation.

Malasana --

Benefits of Malasana:

Strengthens the Lower Back, Helps in stretching the groin and also the lower back, Tones the belly, Releases tension in the hips and knees.

Sirsasana 
Benefits of Sirsasana:

It helps in improving blood circulation.
Gives strength to the respiratory system. 
It improves concentration and memory.

Savasana 
Benefits of Savasana:

Savasana cures hypertension and mental stress.
It refreshes the mind and body.
It removes the fatigue.
